1.
Date: December 4, 2012 Location: Phoenix, AZ; 75th Ave. &amp; Indian School Rd.Law enforcement agency: Phoenix, PD Description: A female driver who is a U.S. citizen was pulled over for a traffic stop. The officer asked her "Are you legal in this country?" She confirmed her U.S. citizen status but was then cited for not having her infant child securely fastened in a car seat.

2.
Date: October 23, 2012 Location: Tucson AZ; State Highway 77 and Oracle Rd.Law Enforcement Agency: DPS Two Latina women were pulled over by DPS. Without offering a reason for the stop, the officer asked them "Do you have papers?" and called Border Patrol. The driver was arrested for not having a license and ultimately deported. 

3.
Date: October 20, 2012 Location: Tempe, AZ; Priest and Baseline RoadsLaw Enforcement Agency: Tempe PDDuring this stop, the officer claimed to be looking for gang members. The driver was arrested for not having a license, detained at a local jail and subsequently transferred to ICE detention.  The driver's five-year-old son, a U.S. citizen, was present during the stop and had to be left in the care of the family's neighbors. 

4.Date: October 13, 2012 Location: Mesa, AZ; Greenfield and University Law Enforcement Agency: Mesa PD Two Latina women were pulled over and asked for identification. When they questioned the reason for the stop, the officer stated that the car was "too close to the white line." The driver was not cited, and both women felt the stop was based on their race.

5.Date: September, 2012Location: Phoenix, AZ; 41st and GuadalupeLaw enforcement Agency: Phoenix, PD A woman driver was pulled over for a traffic stop. Rather than giving a citation, the officer arrested her for not having a license and she was taken to ICE detention.

-------------------------------------------done 

6.Date: September, 2012Location: Mesa, AZ, Law enforcement Agency: Mesa PD 
A male driver was pulled over with no reason given for the stop. After he produced identification he was not cited. The driver, a U.S. citizen, believes that his skin color was the determining factor in the stop. 

7.Date: October, 2012 Location: Casa Grande, AZ; Pinal Ave and 9th St. Law enforcement Agency: Casa Grande PoliceA male driver and passenger were pulled over. Although it was daytime, the officer's justification for the stop was failure to use headlights.  The driver, a U.S. resident, was not cited but his passenger did not have an ID with him. He was questioned, turned over to ICE,   and detained by ICE for more than one month before being released. 

8.Date: October 9, 2012 Location: Tempe, AZ,Law enforcement Agency: Tempe PD A driver was pulled over for having a cracked windshield. A male passenger, who has lived in the U.S. for twenty years, did not have ID with him. He was transferred to ICE custody and deported.

9.Date: October 6, 2012 Location: Tempe, AZ; Southern and 48th St.Law enforcement Agency: Tempe PD A male driver was stopped with no explanation provided for the stop. The officer asked him for his immigration paperwork. The driver said he wanted an attorney to be present for the officer's questioning. The officer responded, "ICE will pick you up then". ICE was called and the driver's car was towed. The driver was transferred to ICE custody and deported. 

10.Date: October 2, 2012 Location: Phoenix, AZ ; 77th Ave and ThomasLaw enforcement Agency: Phoenix PDTwo men were pulled over and asked for their Social Security cards. The passenger did not have the card, and was arrested and sent to ICE custody.  The driver was given a citation for driving "over the white line on the road." 11.Date: September 27, 2012 Location: Goodyear, AZ; Van Buren and Bullard Law enforcement Agency: Goodyear PDA male driver was stopped because his license plate was allegedly not sufficiently visible. His car was seized and towed, and he was given a citation to pay in addition to impoundment costs. The driver believes the stop was motivated by racial profiling. 

12.Date: September 18, 2012 Location: Phoenix, AZ; 15th Ave and GlendaleLaw enforcement Agency: Phoenix PD A couple was pulled over without explanation after an officer spotted them from an adjacent lane. The driver was given a traffic citation for not having a license.

13.Date: September, 2012 Location: Tucson, AZ
Law enforcement Agency:  Tucson PD A male driver was pulled over and did not have ID on him. When his wife came to the traffic stop to provide police with her husband's ID, she too was detained. The couple, parents of three U.S. citizen children, was transferred to ICE detention. The husband was subsequently deported. 

14.Date: September 29, 2012 Location: Cave Creek, AZ; 32nd St & Carefree Hwy.Law enforcement Agency: MCSO A female driver was stopped but was not given an explanation for the stop. She had two young children in the car. She was cited for not having a license, and her car was towed. 

15. Date: Dec 1, 2012  Location: Tucson, AZ ; 67th Ave and Rodes Park Law enforcement Agency: Tucson PD and CBP Two Latino men were pulled over. The passenger was questioned about his immigration status. A CBP officer stated, "You shut up, go back to where you came from and show me your papers." The passenger was detained by ICE for more than one month before being released.

16.Date: October 21, 2012 Location: Mesa, AZ; Extension and Main Law enforcement Agency: Mesa, PD A Latina woman who is a legal permanent resident was detained for picking up aluminum cans from the back of a pickup truck. Because she did not have an ID with her, officers detained her and sent her to Fourth Avenue Jail. She believes she was targeted because of her race. 

17.Date: September 10, 2012Location: Southwest Glendale; 43rd AvenueLaw enforcement Agency: Glendale/Phoenix Police DepartmentA couple was questioned about their immigration status after they were involved in a major car accident. A Phoenix police officer stated, "I do this because I hate illegal immigration." The officer called ICE, but ICE officials declined to take the driver and passenger into custody because both had suffered serious injuries from the accident. 

18.Date: September 9, 2012Location: Meza AZ, Dobson & MainLaw enforcement Agency:  UNK A female driver was stopped and cited for a suspended driver's license.  Her car was towed and she was detained for six months. She believes she was stopped because of her race.

19.Date: September 15, 2012Location: Phoenix, AZ, 75th & Lower BuckeyeLaw enforcement Agency: Phoenix PD 
A father of three U.S. citizen children was stopped outside of his home because his vehicle "looked suspicious." Although he was not cited, he was transported by police to ICE custody.

20.Date: September 8, 2012Location: Navajo County, AZ; I-40, West Window RockLaw enforcement agency: Navajo County sheriffA Latino family was stopped and questioned about their immigration status.  The passengers remained silent, but felt intimidated when the sheriff asked the driver, "Does the government know you are in the country?" "How many years have you been in the states?" and "Do you know that I could send you back to where you are from if you don't have a visa?" All the passengers were asked for their IDs and detained for an hour. The sheriff did not provide a reason for the stop and let them go with a warning.    